When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all 
your work local?

The remote repository keeps a backup of your work so that if you were 
to lose your local work for some reason you will be able to get it 
back.  Its partially so you can share your work easier and part for 
redundancy.  It is a horrifying idea losing all the work and hours you
have put into a project because of a stupid mistake.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having 
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If two people were working on the same branch at the same time it may
require some conflict resolution.  You may want to finish your part 
before you pull the changes to be sure that there will be a smoother
transition to the fully up to date code.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When 
would you use one instead of another?

Forks and clones are nearly identical except where they actually exist.
Forks are on github, they are stored remotely and cannot be edited 
except by pushing from a local repository.  Branches are when you want
an independant copy of your files to make experimental changes that you
do not want represented on your master branch.  You keep a clone of the 
repository on your local machine, and you can fork someone's repository
if you want to add or change something from their project without
having permission to change the project directly.  You make branches 
within your project to test changes before commiting them to the 
master.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the 
remote stored locally?

It allows you to keep track of when changes were made, even when you 
are merging.  You can know who made changes to files when and be able
to resolve conflicts by being able to find the differences before and
after fetching the remote.  It also allows you to keep track while 
being offline.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be 
easier, and what would be harder?

You could just send files to eachother through something like dropbox.
Merging changes would be a lot harder, you would have to download a 
copy and figure out what changes there were and combine the edits on 
your local copy.  It may be easier for someone not looking to make 
changes to get the project, but I can't see not using source code
control being easier for actual development.